Hi, everyone.
In this election, we're going to talk about the array filter method.
All right, so the array filter method creates an array with all elements that pass the test implemented
by the provided function.
All right.
So we need we are going to provide a test or a condition if that condition is met.
The it is going to create a new array with all the elements that pass that condition.
So let's go ahead and let's take a look at it inside our code.
So we do have here the same array that we had before, the best songs.
But I've added the year, the year that that song came in as well.
I have grabbed the list of best songs from Wikipedia.
I just search like top like best songs of all time.
And it provided this list.
And the year, the New Year is is actually accurate.
So Bob Dylan, like a Rolling Stone was 1965.
Right.
So these are like really classic songs and I really love them.
All right.
So what we are going to do is we want to filter this array, the array items based on the song here,
and we want to return only the songs whose here is either 1965 or greater than 1965.
So let's go ahead and let's grab our best songs.
And on the array, we are going to call the filter method.
OK, so the filter method is going to grab.
We are going to pass in a callback function in here.
So the callback function is going to have a parameter and that is going to be song.
You're right.
And what is the callback function going to do?
It is going to grab all the items inside this array and it is going to grab the year and it is going
to return if that year is IEG is greater than or equal to 1965.
Now, let's store the result of this inside a variable song years.
And let's log it to the council so we are 100 percent accurate years.
Let's save it.
Oops, I should open this up with life server.
Not here, buddy.
You know what this is, it's going to work if you click there and say it's going to open and there.
OK, so here, I'm just going to run it again, so here we have an area that has four items inside of
it, and when I click on it, we can see only that.
I'm just going to increase this, that out of the six items we are just printing for.
And why is that?
Because only these four songs, they pass our test.
Our test was to grab songs whose year is either 1965 or like bigger than 1965.
So we had 1965, we have 1971, 67 and 68.
We had 1959 here.
It didn't print that and we had 1958 here, which it didn't print it.
So this is going to be it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.